Document how to get in touch with the JupyterHub Team Council (#599)
jupyterhub/team-compass: docs/practices/communication.md

We organize our discussions in order to help both contributors and
maintainers find and choose the right communication channels and have a positive experience :-)

## Types of discussions

We break down team discussions into two broad categories:

1. **For specific discussions related to changing a repository's content** we use GitHub issues in the repository where they are most relevant. For example, feature requests, bug reports.

> 2. **For general discussion, support questions, feedback, etc**, use [the Jupyter forum](http://discourse.jupyter.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **For general discussion, support questions, feedback, etc**, use [the Jupyter forum](https://discourse.jupyter.org/).
```

## How to get in touch with the JupyterHub Council

There are two recommended ways to send communications to the {team}`JupyterHub Council`:

> 1. **Open an issue in our [Team Compass](https://jupyterhub-team-compass.readthedocs.io)**. We use this as a space for team discussion of all kinds, and JupyterHub Council members are expected to monitor these issues. **This is the preferred space for most team conversation**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Open an issue in our [Team Compass](https://github.com/jupyterhub/team-compass/issues)**. We use this as a space for team discussion of all kinds, and JupyterHub Council members are expected to monitor these issues. **This is the preferred space for most team conversation**.
```
